profile/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img alt="Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cat2gether/.github/refs/heads/main/cat2getherbanner%2Blights.gif"/>
</p>

## 😺 `cat`: merging files — and now, hearts.

> Build by geeks, for geeks.

### What is cat2gether?  
[cat2gether is global, fully free and open-source dating and meeting app](https://cat2gether.com) designed for geeks, nerds and curious minds.  
Unlike traditional apps, We focus on what you **love**<!-- we love cats -->, not how you look.

### Our Features

- Worldwide availibility. (except for UK and Australia) 
- Security. Our chats are end-to-end encrypted. Your identity is protected by nicknames and avatars until you are ready to share it with someone.
- Match by interests not appearance. You can't see names or photos of people until you both agree for that.  
- Rare in-app features. (e.g. Markdown, Code snippets, cat2fetch, etc.)  
- Easter eggs, achievements, badges, and other features encouraging people to use cat2gether.
- Multiple modes for connecting with people. (e.g. Dating, Looking for group)
- Recomendations by interests, universes, fandoms, coding languages, forums, etc.
- Nearby geek events for connecting with people IRL.
- Large customization. Random generated cat avatars and nicknames. Choose available theme or build theme and cat2pack yourself with our web theme designer.
- Talk with people and create community with our [discord]() and [reddit]() channels.

### Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Web-app is build on NextJS + Tailwind. Mobile apps at the moment are built using Flutter.
- **Backend**: NestJS with custom developments + Socket.io + PostgreSQL


> [!NOTE]
> We don’t plan to make the backend open-source due to potential security risks.

### Contributing
We are building this community together and we are open for new ideas.
Contact us via [contact@cat2gether.com](mailto:contact@cat2gether.com) or submit a pull request!

Commit message:

Update README with Catary version and feature enhancements
Added a section for the Catary version and updated features.

profile/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img alt="Banner" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cat2gether/.github/refs/heads/main/cat2getherbanner%2Blights.gif"/>
</p>

## 😺 `cat`: merging files — and now, hearts.

> Build by geeks, for geeks.

### What is cat2gether?  
[cat2gether is global, fully free and open-source dating and meeting app](https://cat2gether.com) designed for geeks, nerds and curious minds.  
Unlike traditional apps, We focus on what you **love**<!-- we love cats -->, not how you look.

### Our Features

- Worldwide availibility. (except for UK and Australia) 
- Security. Our chats are end-to-end encrypted. Your identity is protected by nicknames and avatars until you are ready to share it with someone.
- Match by interests not appearance. You can't see names or photos of people until you both agree for that.  
- Rare in-app features. (e.g. Markdown, Code snippets, cat2fetch, etc.)  
- Easter eggs, achievements, badges, and other features encouraging people to use cat2gether.
- Multiple modes for connecting with people. (e.g. Dating, Looking for group)
- Recomendations by interests, universes, fandoms, coding languages, forums, etc.
- Nearby geek events for connecting with people IRL.
- Large customization. Random generated cat avatars and nicknames. Choose available theme or build theme and cat2pack yourself with our web theme designer.
- Talk with people and create community with our [discord]() and [reddit]() channels.

### Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Web-app is build on NextJS + Tailwind. Mobile apps at the moment are built using Flutter.
- **Backend**: NestJS with custom developments + Socket.io + PostgreSQL


> [!NOTE]
> We don’t plan to make the backend open-source due to potential security risks.

### Catary (Canary) Version

1. We're allowing users to access our Canary version of cat2gether [available here](https://cat2gether.qzz.io/).  
2. After getting access to the Catary version, you’ll be able to use our unpublished and in-development features before anyone else.  
3. We don't guarantee that all features from the Catary version will be included in the release version.  
4. We review each Catary access request individually. After gaining access, you can invite up to 5 people to the Catary version without review of their invitations.  

### Contributing

We are building this community together and we are open for new ideas.
Contact us via [contact@cat2gether.com](mailto:contact@cat2gether.com) or submit a pull request!
